and then guys would send welcome to beauty
One more video today I came back with the
trick of channel rent and now for years
other people asked too much already makes a
time already the crew of the order in the tank
I told you, you will not have to represent in the
does not play screen is possible the
The way they 're driving I'm driving.
I've forgotten the name in some
something actros install a mercedes benz
thousand meters something so then this
It will be the truck of dreams, right?
Because for now we're going to
First delivery stopped so I chose
this car that car but little traveled
in our idea
this truck with our dream of
so let's play until
conquer it and let's see what goes
give but it's the next I'll start to
speed up the stop here now crazy
It's neutral, do not show you that I
I'm a pilot in the bag. I feel the pressure.
a lot of people were wanting to be
quiet on the canal but a lot of people even
band so many people if you are
watching there leaves the joys for the idea
very crazy that the region had to come back
with the euro trek but I'm not
playing in control has now discovered a
method of playing against xbox live is
Beautiful, beautiful, you 're connected.
and now it's the next but you do not need the
help you to unfold in the
power if I bring you here on the channel see
we can record that we can
do then inclusion think it's car
that has already been released by ipt will see that it is
more hardcore
Do you have the camera out of it?
and for sex, I want to talk more
first delivered here I just need to
Here, imagine the name I went to here.
oops efe mo ments pig I just put
mother joan
You have to speak on the scene and the country is
excellent the elektro together and I ours
Our garage, I'm very out of
I will have to go again I was very
time off and will be there when then is
complicated you who are in the money then
we will have a job market and
For the time being I'll do this job.
here we have to put together the
money tractors motto tractors catch the
work also works at 232
miles away brat is very
Obviously when I get there I'll be back with
you
otherwise you'll die there waiting for him
won a January series
I prefer the inner camera which is more
a samba
I ask for help registrants there that will
talking that it's cool to do such and everything
more
It's very interesting, you're giving
because this series that went into the
tank but I will not tell you
There is a lot of secret that 's on.
that to exchange an idea is that the
everything else the subject you want
I want to talk to you here
We can make trains together here.
would be too long is doing also and
good, that's it, people who play the track
method that is or decide to meet
it will not be the radical anymore will be with
a skype then who does not have on skype
is still here in the video description
beauty
So I looked on youtube and description of the
video and will betray skype for you
your truck zanchetta million stura
quick lehmann guys I 'm not playing
with graph it was noted that it is connected that
my pc is not so good, so you are
but we make it impossible to brake
that let's let's inclusion have to take a
excited because here the business is to have
Only spirit you spoil does not have
Stroller, Marcelo, you're going to cry.
Sorry, but I'm going to cry here.
this year the truckers passing through
a situation that is concrete and mine
dog you 're crying here, stay there
I made her live
Let's get to qala smhadu 30
miles of his entire album that has
radar way I forgot many radars
I am not going to reveal in the
mission
I'll do a real deal, you guys.
efe mo ments milk then go after the
Our truck uses dreams
I took the fine, that's it , I sent a fine
already happens first video has problem
not
the problem is the problem so let's go
get here give a reduced here because
in the 10th gear it was not even going to end
arriving at the stock car sonnet the idea of
ceppm here to turn ban law
amuneke john john and senat cantiga indica
imt is only looks that long skill
distance I'll leave last I was
talking to a friend jean and he gave
a touch to leave long distance by
last then let's put here load
high value will increase these
first down here and then we
going to a place far away will take time
fucking same fine the important thing is
what matters
It's half past here to confirm.
mercedes benz trucks for sale
dealership rotterdam galera look here
The Netherlands, we're going there just to see how much
cost this military parade a
employee selected as there only see
how much does it cost and is this crazy from babel
with the 90's and if I do not want to cost 103
one thousand reais
I'm going to kick this money and we 're going
I think the next video already
Bring this path to you.
and this will be our way to people
will give a crazy boost with him I
I'll try to speak for already doing more kill.
personalized for us or will
talk to him at that level, people
get those then the big hug
and until the next troicki video was liked
to leave me was already sign in
channel follow the next videos two
videos and we are very big
hug and I went